Satellite idm auth support 12891 (#1915)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_Configuring_the_Hammer_CLI_to_use_FreeIPA_user_authentication.adoc

[id="Configuring_the_Hammer_CLI_to_Use_FreeIPA_User_Authentication_{context}"]
= Configuring the Hammer CLI to Use {FreeIPA} User Authentication

> This section describes how to configure the {Project} Hammer command-line interface (CLI) tool to use Red{nbsp}Hat Identity{nbsp}Management (IdM) to authenticate users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to configure the {Project} Hammer command-line interface (CLI) tool to use {FreeIPA} (IdM) to authenticate users.
```

see https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc#L61

.Prerequisites
* You are logged in to the host from which you want to access {Project} by using Hammer. 

.Procedure
. Enable sessions in the `~/.hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` Hammer configuration file by adding the `:use_sessions: true` line to the `foreman` parameters:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
:foreman:
  :use_sessions: true
----
+
Adding the line enforces session usage in Hammer. This means that Hammer performs the authentication request only once instead of with each `hammer` command.

> . [Optional] Enable negotiate authentication in the `~/.hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` Hammer configuration file by adding the `:default_auth_type: ‘Negotiate_Auth’` line to the `foreman` parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Enable negotiate authentication in the `~/.hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` Hammer configuration file by adding the `:default_auth_type: ‘Negotiate_Auth’` line to the `foreman` parameters:
```

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
:foreman:
  :default_auth_type: 'Negotiate_Auth'
  :use_sessions: true
----
+

> Adding this line means that your authentication is negotiated when you enter the first `hammer` command. If this entry is present, Hammer tries to communicate with the server by using the negotiation protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding this line means that your authentication is negotiated when you enter the first `hammer` command.
If this entry is present, Hammer tries to communicate with {ProjectServer} using the negotiation protocol.
```
